CJ's, cyclical cycling jack hammers, jbirds, jaileros and jobots. Tiny (the size of a waffle-maker) clusters of roombas designed to clean your home, but also to defend it. They patrol entrances and exits while cleaning and watch for an opportunity to strike an intruder with tranquillizer darts and a stun baton. 

After the moot point of economic isolation ended between China and the USA, they united to build a city named Ahklun. It's towering structures engulfed the pristine lakes and rivers of the Alaskan mountain range from which it was named. The city attracted tourists from both countries. A city where many slept but no one lived -- only visited. It was named Ahklun, after the surrounding mountains which had been crushed flat under the cities growing assembly.

Low on the ground where few people would be, vegetation hid sealed conveyor belts. These stranded away from the city, bussing resources in and out. The factories would convert raw resources into chemical form where they could be constructed into nano structures, and then assembled into material used to maintain the mega structures. These factories sat lowest in these structures and were fed directly by the belts.

The structures dominated the Togiak valley at 700 feet tall. Someone with good vision could make out the details that were carved into the stone surface all the way from top to bottom. The structures outside edges stretched in angles where the ground was flattest. 

Charlie grew up far below in the shadow of Ahklun, closest to the belts. The lowest inhabited level of Ahklun lovingly referred by it's denizens as "The Bottom Deck" sat far above the ground but close enough to retain some of the moisture from the earth below. The young man reme would look out from inside the dilapidated shack he lived in and see patches of a vast, flat and pale landscape beside the pacific ocean through scaffolding 